ISPN-12353 REST allow backup restore progress to be submitted and polled (#8714)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/ref_rest_cache_managers.adoc

<zip-bytes>
--5ec9bc07-f069-4662-a535-46069afeda32--
----

[id='rest_v2_restore_manager_list']
= Listing Restores
Retrieve the names of all restore requests that are in progress, completed, or
failed.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/cache-managers/{cacheManagerName}/restores
----

[id='rest_v2_restore_manager_head']
= Checking Restore Progress
Verify that a restore operation is complete. A `200` response indicates the
restore operation has completed. A `202` response indicates the backup operation is
in progress.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
HEAD /rest/v2/cache-managers/{cacheManagerName}/restores/{restoreName}
----

[id='rest_v2_restore_manager_delete']
= Deleting Restore Requests

> Remove restore requests from the server. This does not remove any restored content, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove restore requests from the server. This action does not remove any restored content, it
```

> simply removes all meta information associated with a given request, therefore allowing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
removes all metadata for the restore request only. You can then use the
```

> subsequent restore requests to re-use a past request name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name of the request to perform subsequent restore operations.
```

A `204` response indicates that the  restore request has been deleted. A `202` response

> indicates that the restore operation is in progress but will be deleted when the operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indicates that the restore operation is in progress and will be deleted when the operation
```
